##### What would you say to a student who is pondering attending hack camp but is on the fence?

Go for it. You can learn a variety of new things and leave camp feeling
accomplished and on the track to do more coding in the future.

##### What are some things we could do better?

Do scratch and CodeHS in the first week.

##### What are some things we did really well?

You taught us both how to write more code and how to use google to find what I'm
looking for

##### What are some things that you learned?

I learned a lot more information about HTML, CSS, and JS. I can find information
by myself more now.

##### Can you tell us if hack camp changed your mindset or the way you thought about yourself or your abilities?

I really didn't think that the information would stick after finishing a
project, but I can remember most things that I have learned from camp and tend
to use them after camp is done

##### Is there anything we didn’t get to work on that you wanted to learn at camp?

Not really, I didn't know what I was going to learn

##### Is there anything we spent too much or too little time on?

No, the time was managed very well

##### What are some things you are currently most unsure about?

I still am unsure if I can stay totally motivated to keep working on this in the
future if I am not in a camp

##### If you could change 1 thing about Hack Camp, what would it be?

Do scratch and CodeHS in the first week.

##### Do you have any other comments or suggestions for us? Now is your chance to share!

##### How likely are you to recommend hackEDU to your friends?

9
