##### What would you say to a student who is pondering attending hack camp but is on the fence?

it's so fun. 
you get to become pretty good friends with the people you are with, just make
sure you put yourself out there to get to know them, even if you are
uncomfortable about it

##### What are some things we could do better?

so far this was a great experience for me, but i think that doing a lot more 1v1
hovering/lecturing is really helpful and needs to be more incorporated in this
program. this allows students to learn at their own pace.

##### What are some things we did really well?

ENERGIZERS. tbh energizers one of my top favorite things about hackcamp.

introducing us to many ideas, already created works, and helpful resources was
really cool. i tink this really allos us to pursue our interest in cs even more
even after our two weeks were over.

##### What are some things that you learned?

i learned a lot over the course of these two weeks-- i learned how to find stuff
out for myself, how to plan out how to make what i want to make, and how to have
fun while doing it :D

##### Can you tell us if hack camp changed your mindset or the way you thought about yourself or your abilities?

there isn't a drastic change in the way i feel about myself, however i do think
that if i continue to do things similar to this after today, i will be more
confident in my ability to learn new things, especially things i thought were
only for extremely sterotypically smart students/

##### Is there anything we didn’t get to work on that you wanted to learn at camp?

nope. i came here open to any ideas given to me. and i loved creating what i did

##### Is there anything we spent too much or too little time on?

i think we could've spent more time honing our html and css skills because i
completely forgot how to use it nearing the end when i needed it for my final
project

##### What are some things you are currently most unsure about?

html and css lol

##### If you could change 1 thing about Hack Camp, what would it be?

we should def play music in the background. but softly.

##### Do you have any other comments or suggestions for us? Now is your chance to share!

BLEHHHHH all i have to say is thanks so much for making my first encounter with
computer science and coding so much fun :D

##### How likely are you to recommend hackEDU to your friends?

9
