##### What would you say to a student who is pondering attending hack camp but is on the fence?

You should attend because the people there are very nice and you get to learn
the basics of code and they give you the opportunity to experiment with your
knowledge and find out what you want to do/learn. They really enforce the idea
of self-motivation, which is good, because you'll get used to not being babied.

##### What are some things we could do better?

Most of the time, you tell us to google (which is good), but when you see or
feel that someone is really stuck, I think you should try to help more (be their
resource(?)).

##### What are some things we did really well?

You were really helpful in the end; I accomplished the things that I wanted. It
was also really cool that you gave us resources to work with, like treehouse and
hscode. You were very good at checking on everybody and because you guys were so
nice, it wasn't as difficult to ask for help.

##### What are some things that you learned?

I learned how to use html, css, and javascript.

##### Can you tell us if hack camp changed your mindset or the way you thought about yourself or your abilities?

I think I became more self-motivated and learned how to code.

##### Is there anything we didn’t get to work on that you wanted to learn at camp?

Not really.

##### Is there anything we spent too much or too little time on?

There might have been too much video/alone time. I think there should've been a
little more interaction.

##### What are some things you are currently most unsure about?

I'm pretty satisfied. If I had to say something, it'd be javascript because
there are so many options/controls to use.

##### If you could change 1 thing about Hack Camp, what would it be?

I think to maybe give more variety on things to do. Or start a little later.

##### Do you have any other comments or suggestions for us? Now is your chance to share!

I had lots of fun and learned a lot, so thank you all! :D

##### How likely are you to recommend hackEDU to your friends?

10
