##### What would you say to students who are considering attending camp?

There is so much to learn from this experience. Your first project may not be
successful or complete, so try not to aim for perfection but more for getting a
grasp of the fundamentals of each language and later implement more complex
actions or designs.

##### What are some things we could do better?

Time? I think there should be more of a concrete schedule for the camp, although
flexibility would still be great since each camp's students are different and
the pace of understanding the stuff could probably help determine how much time
is necessary for each language/topic.  More examples that demonstrate what does
what and how that applies to the current project.

##### What are some things we did really well?

- Making the students feel comfortable. I personally felt that this was more
  than just a programming experience. I thought you all had some great stories
  and opinions to share. And the camp was not as intimidating as I though it
  would be.
- Guiding the students so that they don't give up whenever something is
  confusing or does not work. Preparing us for what we could do in the future
  when there isn't a knowledgeable person around to hold our hands.
- Not holding our hands! Thanks for making us think everything through and not
  just giving us the answers or ignoring the issues we were facing.

##### What are some things that you learned?

There is never one solution. There are many options and directions to consider
in life. Not to conform to society... even though its hard to. Do things step by
step and have at least a framework or plan (the house building).

##### Can you tell us if hack camp changed your mindset or the way you thought about yourself or your abilities?

I'm not a self-directed learner and always had this mindset that I needed a
teacher or someone to guide me or introduce me to something even though I knew
that I could always try it on my own or just Google it. Hack camp has shown me
that I do not necessarily need someone to properly teach me something, that what
I learn is mostly from failing and succeeding and how I make the most out of the
experience. I guess I can see myself being more successful. Or at least now I
feel that it's not the end of the world for me is I can't do something.  It has
also helped me further realize that I shouldn't dwell on one thing that isn't
working right, especially if it is going to prevent me from continuing the
project.

##### How likely are you to recommend hackEDU to your friends?

10

##### Is there anything we didn’t get to work on that you wanted to learn at camp?

How to turn our game that was created for a web browser into an app we could
play with on our phone? I think that would have been fun to play around with.

##### Is there anything we spent too much or too little time on?

Too little time in the beginning explaining some parts of Phaser. Exploration
was great, but isn't very great when you get stuck and cannot understand how
something works. It doesn't help when you don't know much about something you
want to implement into a game.

##### Do you have any other comments or suggestions for us? Now is your chance to share!

Keep talking about life! I thought it was really insightful to hear about your
perspectives on life and the advices you had for all the things we talked
about. Keep it random. Doge was an interesting topic. I didn't expect doge and
dantats to dominate the camp, but that was awesome.

##### Check this box if you’re comfortable with parts of your responses being used on our website!

Yes I am comfortable.

##### What are some things you are currently most unsure about?

How I would want to make use of Phaser. It's great but hard to understand.  Some
parts of styling in css that were similar yet different, like alignment.

##### If you could change 1 thing about Hack Camp, what would it be?

A more interactive curriculum. More collaboration between students, more
noise. It's another way to learn, working with other students and asking them
for help on similar parts of the code.
