*What would you say to students who are considering attending camp?*

I would tell them that they are not just going to a programming camp, instead
they would be going to a camp that teaches much more than that, from what
mindsets you should have to trying to search up the answer on search engines.

*What are some things we could do better?*

You can probably have more concrete information about certain things, such as
Firebase.  Aimlessly trying to figure out how certain things work was not the
best way to spend my time here, so having the ability to get more information
that's concrete could help.

*What are some things we did really well?*

Having everybody open up during our eating sessions made everybody there feel
very opened-up and happy.  Normally, without these talks, I wouldn't have been
able to open up to new people.  However, these talks made me feel as if we knew
each other for months.

*What are some things that you learned?*

I learned the fundamentals of both JavaScript and HTML, both having
insurmountable information.  I also learned about fixed vs. growth mindsets,
which will help in life greatly.  Lastly, I learned how to make oatmeal in the
microwave :-)

*Can you tell us if hack camp changed your mindset or the way you thought about
 yourself or your abilities?*

Though it didn't change my mindset (because a former teacher taught me about the
growth mindset anyway), it did give me more insight on the subject, and it did
help me expand my mindset to things I have never known before until now.

*How likely are you to recommend hackEDU to your friends?*

9

*What are some things that you thought could have been better in week 1?*

*What are some things that you thought could have been better in week 2?*

*Is there anything we didn’t get to work on that you wanted to learn at camp?*

I would have liked if we went to other programs (Xscipt, etc.), have a brief
summary on it, and compare all of the programs to see their pros and cons.

*Is there anything we spent too much or too little time on?*

We probably spent more time on functions then I would have liked to.  I also
felt that we spent very little time on CSS that I would have liked.

*Do you have any other comments or suggestions for us? Now is your chance to
 share!*

*Check this box if you’re comfortable with parts of your responses being used on
 our website! *

Yes I am comfortable.

*What are some things you are currently most unsure about?*

I am still unsure about the Firebase problem, which will probably be fixed
today.  I'm also unsure to my next project's ambition and goal.

*If you could change 1 thing about Hack Camp, what would it be?*

I would honestly adjust the time spent in Hack Camp so that we can have more
time doing what we're doing for the day.  I would be fine with having extended
hours in the morning.
