*What would you say to students who are considering attending camp?*

Hack Camp is not just a camp where we learn about coding but a camp where we
learn about life. There is definitely the programming part, but the more broad
concept is how the lessons we learn from coding translate into our daily
lives. For example, coding has many obstacles--run into one just to get into
another--, but that aspect gives us the opportunity to learn that in life, we
will always face challenges, and the only way to grow is to overcome
them. Furthermore, these lessons are not acquired purely through personal
mistakes while coding, but also through the instructors' inspiring
speeches/lectures/lessons.

*What are some things we could do better?*

The lunch times were pretty erratic during the first week but improved during
the second week. For the next group of hackers, I would recommend setting a time
when the hackers are hungry by observing their behavior or asking them.

Use more visuals and personifications of code from the start.

*What are some things we did really well?*

Because many examples were presented before me, I was able to learn and pull
specific code I wanted my game/website to do. For example, I did not at all
create something remotely similar to white tiles, but I did grab white tiles'
example of having sprites move across a screen and incorporated what I learned
from that example into my own game. In that way, I was exposed to many different
games/examples that are relevant to us and those games/examples' inner
workings. Therefore, I hope that more examples will be included for future
hackers.

Having interesting conversations during lunch and breakfast helped with the
theme that this camp is not just about learning coding but for learning life.

Visually representing code helped immensely in my understanding of the coding
world.

Giving us the freedom to go at our own pace and explore our individual
interests.

Playing energizers to wake us up, promote creativity, and increase hacker
bonding.

Free breakfast.
 
Having only a few students to maximize personal teaching.

*What are some things that you learned?*

Organization in coding and in life is important. For example, indenting before
each code/paragraph.

Creating a plan or outline for a project is important so that I know my next
steps.

My life is not defined by numbers. They may define a few years of my life, but
not my whole life.

What HTML, CSS, and JS are and how to remedy any problem I have with them with
Google or with debugging.

*Can you tell us if hack camp changed your mindset or the way you thought about
 yourself or your abilities?*

I had always, in the back of my head, knew that we should overcome challenges
and push our limits but never really lived by such thinking very much until this
camp. I have learned that despite the fancifulness of dogma such as""rising up
to the challenge and learning from mistakes,"" those lessons are actually
extremely true. I was able to live by those lessons through coding because I did
indeed face many challenges and learned from many mistakes. I have definitely
learned to lessen my fixed mindset and learn toward more a growth mindset thanks
to this camp.

The way Hack Camp is taught is totally opposite of what our school system
is. This camp really opened my mind to the different ways that I can learn.

*How likely are you to recommend hackEDU to your friends?*

8

*What are some things that you thought could have been better in week 1?*

*What are some things that you thought could have been better in week 2?*

*Is there anything we didn’t get to work on that you wanted to learn at camp?*

In order to increase the applicability of what we learn from camp, I had hoped
to learn to modify Facebook's codes.  I do not know how to make more than one
column in CSS.

*Is there anything we spent too much or too little time on?*

Looking back, I feel as if we spent a bit too much time on phaser. I think I
could have managed to create the simple game I have with less time with phaser
because we did not use all the things we explored in the UFO example.

*Do you have any other comments or suggestions for us? Now is your chance to
 share!*

In the camp's mere two weeks, more than in any part of my life, not in my days
as a fetus, an infant, a toddler, an elementary schooler, a middle schooler, a
high school freshman, a high school sophomore, or a high school junior, I have
never made so many mistakes.

*Check this box if you’re comfortable with parts of your responses being used on
 our website!*

Yes I am comfortable.

*What are some things you are currently most unsure about?*

Life.

I do not know what I do not know about CSS, but that encourages exploration.

*If you could change 1 thing about Hack Camp, what would it be?*

The curriculum and instruction were a bit too loose in the beginning, which made
most of the things I was doing fuzzy. For the future hackers, I encourage the
instructors to continue experimenting with which method of teaching is the most
effective. I just wish that I could do Hack Camp again in a more concrete, set
lesson(but not too strict) way.
