##### What would you say to someone who is considering attending camp, but on the fence?

Don't be afraid of jumping the fence, there is nothing to be afraid of, the
hacker community is very nice and helpful, anyone can learn and be the best.

##### What are some things we could do better?

Honestly, the only thing you guys could do better, is not ask this question.
There is nothing that can be improved, you guys are amazingly great.

##### What are some things we did really well?

Workshops and the way you guys directed this. You made sure everyone here could
be self efficient which is amazing.

##### What are some things that you learned?

I learned mostly to work in groups and understand code from others.

##### Can you tell us if Hack Camp changed your mindset or the way you thought about yourself or your abilities?

Yes, I honestly didn't think that I could lead a programming club, but after
some feedback from my partners, I feel confident to lead the programming club at
my School.

##### Is there anything we didn’t get to work on that you wanted to learn at camp?

I thought some server side would be taught, but I guess it's just because we
didn't have much time.

##### Is there anything we spent too much or too little time on?

I think there wasn't much time for activities, but otherwise everything was
great!

##### What are some things you are currently most unsure about?

Leading a bigger group of 10+, but I think I can manage with friends and all.

##### If you could change one thing about Hack Camp, what would it be?

Not much, maybe a better room but it's still a great one.

##### Do you have any other comments or suggestions for us? Now is your chance to share!

You guys are great, you are expanding the circle of hackers in the nation (maybe
soon internationally)! Good luck with everything, I'll see you guys soon!

##### How likely are you to recommend Hack Camp to your friends?

10

##### Check this box if you’re comfortable with parts of your responses being used on our website! 

Yes, I am comfortable.
