##### What would you say to someone who is considering attending camp, but on the fence?

Think about it, all the fun times you may miss out on. All the knowledge that
all the wonderful mentors/friends can teach you about Coding/Hacking! So don't
miss out, and be real with yourself just go attend Hack Camp!

##### What are some things we could do better?

Nothing much, continue to improve and get better! Keep teaching us to learn a
lot more about coding, project based learning. Timing! haha You guys did pretty
well already!

##### What are some things we did really well?

Timing, the great workshops! Support which was the best of all since you guys
constantly helped us out! Please do keep doing that, that's the reason why this
camp is awesome!

##### What are some things that you learned?

I learned how to code in HTML, CSS, Javascript, how to input geolocation for
weather, designing websites, and thinking creatively!

##### Can you tell us if Hack Camp changed your mindset or the way you thought about yourself or your abilities?

Of course! I feel that Hack Camp has brought me into a new world, the world of
coding, hacking, and a greater touch with technology. I feel like I have been
given the ability to use my computer to its greatest power of coding! Also using
google (correctly)!

##### Is there anything we didn’t get to work on that you wanted to learn at camp?

Not really, just wanted to learn more! For sure from what I heard there is Ruby,
etc. Some harder stuff!

##### Is there anything we spent too much or too little time on?

No not really, though I felt that some workshops were a bit lengthy and some
teaching as a whole camp would've been beneficial personally.

##### What are some things you are currently most unsure about?

I'm unsure if I'll be able to work without the great group we had! So please
keep us in contact so that we can once again gather to create!

##### If you could change one thing about Hack Camp, what would it be?

More Ping Pong Tournaments? More Energizers? Also an increasing challege of
creating certain projects! Like a bigger X towards end.

##### Do you have any other comments or suggestions for us? Now is your chance to share!

Please do continue this great program! Also do invite us back to be a part of
you alumni group so we could have a great chance to continue to hack together?
An idea maybe at a hackathon of some sort create a hackedu team?

##### How likely are you to recommend Hack Camp to your friends?

10

##### Check this box if you’re comfortable with parts of your responses being used on our website! 

Yes, I am comfortable.
