##### What would you say to someone who is considering attending camp, but on the fence?

if you have no idea how to make a website, join the program! If you already know
some of the basics, you will still learn a lot of stuff!

##### What are some things we could do better?

more organized time schedule. EVEN CLEARER workshops (even though they are
already clear). The air conditioning could be fixed =)

##### What are some things we did really well?

ping pong was super fun! 

##### What are some things that you learned?

HOW TO MAKE A WEBSITE! =) And the firebase workshops were super useful as well.
Dark magic computer science coding stuff! I feel like a coding wizard!

##### Can you tell us if Hack Camp changed your mindset or the way you thought about yourself or your abilities?

I always knew I could learn cs and be stressed out, but I would still like
learning the subject. So I just came here knowing that I would get something out
of it no matter how hard the content was!

##### Is there anything we didn’t get to work on that you wanted to learn at camp?

No. I think it's just a matter of time. There was already a ton of info packed
into the class!

##### Is there anything we spent too much or too little time on?

Too much time spent on projects that were not very functional. We should only
present on the second day of making our project! Maybe we spent a bit too much
time energizing and eating breakfast/lunch cuz we were always rushing at the
last minute to finish our project.

##### What are some things you are currently most unsure about?

Mostly things that weren't part of HackEDU's curriculum; stuff that I ventured
out into on my own time and brought them into HackEDU.

Also, Github should have been more thorough.

##### If you could change one thing about Hack Camp, what would it be?

More teachers in the class room at the same time. There is a maximum of 4
teachers in the classroom at the same time, but a lot of times, only one teacher
was in the class room.

##### Do you have any other comments or suggestions for us? Now is your chance to share!

HackEDU has been a great experience these past 2 weeks. The instructors are very
good at communicating, the content we learn is very interesting, and the end
result of all of this is the ability to make an idea a reality all on our own. I
would like to point out that Zach is perfect for the role of Executive Director
of HackEDU. Judging by his out of date/fashion New Balance Shoes and the outfit
consistency comparable to that of Steve Jobs, you can tell that Zach simply does
not give a, for a lack of better words, flying fuck. We need more people like
that because I myself, who enjoys coding very much, could not possibly teach
such a subject to others. I’m going to miss HackEDU.

ps

When Jonathan types, he does so with much authority, smashing the keys with a
great force; I'm surprised the keys on his computer have not fallen off yet.

##### How likely are you to recommend Hack Camp to your friends?

9

##### Check this box if you’re comfortable with parts of your responses being used on our website! 

Yes, I am comfortable.
