##### What would you say to someone who is considering attending camp, but on the fence?

If you're completely new to coding, this is a great start for you~ If not, it
will still teach you some very useful techniques that you could apply to pretty
much any situation while coding. It will help you get over all of those
obstacles while coding. I came in with a little bit of experience, but it really
guided me into the direction of being able to create projects, basically (if I
had time) on my own. The staff are extremely helpful, fun and devoted towards
the program. Over the course of my cohort, they would have to work on our
workshops on the morning of. Sometimes they'd also have to sleep during camp
time to make up the lack of sleep the night before.

##### What are some things we could do better?

Prepare and perfect all the workshops before the cohort starts to prevent having
unfinished sections.

##### What are some things we did really well?

You did really well in watching out for anyone who needed help, and, although a
little jumbled in the beginning, did your best to help us out. You also improved
on timing and keeping us in check. Explanations are great. Workshops are
generally very intuitive. I can see the effort put into making them.

##### What are some things that you learned?

I learned how to use tools to aid my coding, such as Slack, Cloud 9, GitHub and
Googling how to do things. I also learned some basic concepts about HTML,
JavaScript and CSS.

##### Can you tell us if Hack Camp changed your mindset or the way you thought about yourself or your abilities?

In the beginning I was a little iffy about what my mindset actually was coming
in, but now I believe I did, at least, develop a better one over the course of
Hack Camp. There were definitely times when I doubted my abilities in making
something great, but I still did believe, to a certain extent, that if I worked
hard, I would make it to that big X one day. I think what I could say, rather,
is that Hack Camp enhanced that mindset. It kind of cleared all the fog in that
area.

##### Is there anything we didn’t get to work on that you wanted to learn at camp?

I wanted to learn some concepts for other languages like Java. I was expecting
to learn a whole variety of coding languages. But then again, I'm still pretty
satisfied by what we did learn.

##### Is there anything we spent too much or too little time on?

I think we spent a little too much time on energizers.

##### What are some things you are currently most unsure about?

I'm not exactly sure how I'm going to be able to manage using the skills I
learned and making something myself. I've actually been thinking about a project
that I wanted to make for myself, like an actual big project that I think would
really help other people.

##### If you could change one thing about Hack Camp, what would it be?

The price. 

##### Do you have any other comments or suggestions for us? Now is your chance to share!

I think it was somewhat of a waste for the first couple Cohorts when Hack Camp
was just getting started. It probably didn't go as well as this one.

##### How likely are you to recommend Hack Camp to your friends?

9

##### Check this box if you’re comfortable with parts of your responses being used on our website! 

Yes, I am comfortable.
