##### What would you say to someone who is considering attending camp, but on the fence?

Go not only to improve yourself in coding, but to learn how to be ambitious and
take charge of your own projects and problems.

##### What are some things we could do better?

You could make kids realize that though they may be frustrated, your methods of
teaching will ultimately lead to making great things for themselves.

##### What are some things we did really well?

You taught people to persevere and pull through with their projects.

##### What are some things that you learned?

I learned a lot of programming languages haha. I learned that with enough drive,
passion, access to answers, and kick-ass music, you can code anything.

##### Can you tell us if Hack Camp changed your mindset or the way you thought about yourself or your abilities?

The last few hours before presentations, I worked with more intensity and drive
than I ever devoted to schoolwork, and I accomplished great things. I felt
euphoric at the end of each day because I had managed to implement a feature I
had previously thought impossible to implement. It really taught me that I could
"distort reality" and make things HAPPEN.

##### Is there anything we didn’t get to work on that you wanted to learn at camp?

I want to find a way to learn C++.

##### Is there anything we spent too much or too little time on?

Too much time dawdling for meals.

##### What are some things you are currently most unsure about?

I am unsure about whether I will have the drive to work on my projects at home
during the school year.

##### If you could change one thing about Hack Camp, what would it be?

I would have it be a bit more purposely chaotic. It would make it feel a bit
more friendly

##### Do you have any other comments or suggestions for us? Now is your chance to share!

I want to get involved in this as an instructor in the future.

##### How likely are you to recommend Hack Camp to your friends?

9

##### Check this box if you’re comfortable with parts of your responses being used on our website! 

Yes, I am comfortable.
