##### What would you say to someone who is considering attending camp, but on the fence?

I would tell them that HackEDU is a different type of camp. It's an open, free,
youthful, creative one. An overflow of ideas, surrounded by good people with
good intentions, and an atmosphere of safety, freedom, creativity, and
innovation -- that is what HackEDU is.

##### What are some things we could do better?

One thing you could do better at is probably making more time to work on
workshops

##### What are some things we did really well?

You make people feel safe, not judged, and generally very good. Your
personalities, the way you make people feel are what's going to make this club
appealing to more people.

##### What are some things that you learned?

I learned HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, but beyond that -- the most important thing
I've learned in the last two weeks is the fixed-mindset vs growth mindset thing,
a concept that drastically changed the way I've viewed my life. I don't beat
myself up for not being good enough as much anymore.

Thank you for that.

##### Can you tell us if Hack Camp changed your mindset or the way you thought about yourself or your abilities?

It's not an understatement to say that HackEDU is one of those life experiences
that impacted my life. There's a strict, obvious contrast with high school -- a
place so full of judgment, that really devalues creative freedom, an atmosphere
so lonely, constant glorification of useless issues. It's such a wonderful thing
to know a place so different from that exists.

##### Is there anything we didn’t get to work on that you wanted to learn at camp?

Maybe I came in thinking it was more like a class, with us sitting in a room and
listening to a teacher lecture. I thought it was oriented towards learning code,
but it ended up teaching me a lesson in life using code as the platform to view
it.

##### Is there anything we spent too much or too little time on?

I thought we spend too little time on the workshops

##### What are some things you are currently most unsure about?

I don't think I'm unsure about anything anymore

##### If you could change one thing about Hack Camp, what would it be?

If I could change one thing about Hack Camp it would be to keep it small,
intimate, and close. Like how it is now.

##### Do you have any other comments or suggestions for us? Now is your chance to share!

I LOVE U GUYS SO MUCH YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW I'LL MISS YOU 

##### How likely are you to recommend Hack Camp to your friends?

10

##### Check this box if you’re comfortable with parts of your responses being used on our website! 

Yes, I am comfortable.
